Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ken, go home.
Sandra, wait.
What ?
Just talk to me
for a second, ok ?
Please ?
Fine.
What ?
I just want to know
where you're going.
Because I'm not
your girlfriend.
I gotta go.
That's him ?
Ken, don't !
Ken, stop !
Who the hell
are you ?
Ken !
Oh, my god.
What are you doing ?
That's my ex-Boyfriend.
Oh, no, please !
Ow !  Ohh...
Good morning, emily.
Have a good weekend ?
Yeah.  No.
Yes.
No, it wasn't--
Ugh.
I don't want
to get into it.
No problem.
It...  It just
feels weird for me
I don't really know
you guys all that well yet.
I think I totally
screwed up this date.
Ok.
What happened ?
You have to understand,
Like, seriously.
And I can fool people for days,
But sooner or later,
I blow my cover
And then he doesn't respond,
What did you say ?
"Kilgore trout. "
Guy has a problem
with kurt vonnegut ?
I read slaughterhouse-Five
when I was 12 and it blew my mind.
Seriously, I couldn't get enough.
Yeah, yeah.  Me, too.
The one about
the american spy.
"You are who you pretend to be. "
Oh, my god.  I can't believe
you're a vonnegut fan.
You just made my day.
Conference room
in 5 minutes, please ?
Got it.
Sandra davis, 16 years old.
This is her on-Again,
off-Again boyfriend
Their bodies were found
in a park
An affluent,
mostly white suburb
It's the third
of 3 killings
Hate crimes ?
And vickie williams, 17.
They disappeared from their homes
in central westchester one night.
In a southern part
of the county near the city.
?  ?  ?
what about this couple ?
Another swastika.
This one
on the boyfriend's car.
It's a different
victimology.
Maybe just
an escalation.
and it doesn't end there.
A reverend williams,
Racial hate in the suburbs.
what we are seeing is pure apathy.
Black kids
are getting killed
When will these racists
be confronted ?
A black kid was beaten
on the streets of groton this afternoon.
Connecticut neo-Nazi group
There are neo-Nazi groups
in connecticut ?
?  ?  ?  Rate
to solve these crimes
What are the racial demographics of groton ?
I'd say the mayor
has reason to be worried.
If it doesn't stop soon, it could flare up  ?
"from the deepest desires
"Often come
the deadliest hate. "
Socrates.
New York,
New York.
Too bad we're flying straight to the suburbs.
Hey, this is weird.
?  ?  ?
Why would the unsub
use a date-Rape drug
Maybe he wants
to weaken them so they can't fight back.
In the victims
of the double homicide.
The question is why.
All right, we just got
new information.
Of sandra davis
and ken newcombe,
She showed it
to her parents,
The police never figured out
who wrote it.
"We see ken with you
and it makes us sick.
"Or you will pay.
Strange.
Doesn't seem real.
First of all,
the use of "we"
One individual trying to
diffuse responsibility.
On the one hand,
"take care to stop this now,
Presumably, they want them
to stop seeing each other.  But then,
On the other hand, they don't want
them to go public with it.
The point of hate crimes
is to increase publicity,
An effective threat let's everybody
know that they're in danger
The author would want sandra
to tell people about the note.
Actually, it... doesn't sound
like a guy at all.
"Take care to stop this"
"Take care" ?
Males don't use
this type of language,
This message
is certainly written by a female,
I'd say it's most likely
an adolescent.
You think a girl
killed these kids ?
I think a girl
wrote this note.
You got a number 2 ?
Maybe.
Says here the autopsy
on sandra davis was inconclusive.
She had some bruising
around her neck.
A lot of questions.
?  ?  ?  ?
Agent jareau,
gregory hughes.
This is detective rick ware
We haven't had a murder here
in 2 years, you understand.
So we put rick in charge.
These are agents
gideon, hotchner,
Morgan, and prentiss.
Is...  It's just hard to fathom.
What do you mean ?
Well, this isn't the de south.
Are you saying
you don't think this is a race issue ?
All we're saying is
whatever happened here
I wouldn't want you
entering this investigation
Fact is, we don't know
what this is about yet.
And make sure
that it's the same killer, first of all.
We don't know that yet.
Was written
by an adolescent girl.
It's pretty straightforward
profiling.
Is there a problem, officer ?
But then
we talked to her and dismissed her.
I think it's a waste of time.
I'd like to decide that for myself.
Sandra showed us
the note 2 weeks before she was killed.
We asked around the school for who might have
The only girl's name
that came up was tonya mathis.
Rumor was ken dumped her
for sandra,
Tonya was never his girlfriend.
You said you talked to tonya about the note.
She swore up and down
she had nothing to do with it.
Why's that ?
See for yourself.
That's tonya ?
Leave her in there
for a few minutes.
You're gonna make
a 17-Year-Old girl sweat ?
I want
to scare the hell out of her.
?  ?  ?
Did these kids live
near here ?
Ken newcombe
about a mile east.
When I was a kid, I used to hang
out in the park at night,
Maybe, but I don't think
these two were out on a date.
Why do you say that ?
Sandra was wearing a dress,
She was definitely dressed to go out.
Ken's body was found here ?
But from the bloodstains,
And then dragged here.
So the unsub
shot ken first,
Sandra started
to run and he chased her down.
Beat her and strangled her.
He could overpower her,
No, it's more than that.
The killer took the time
and risked her escaping
He was completely focused on her.
Sandra didn't have
a date with ken.
She had a date
with the unsub.
Hello, tonya.
We're with the f. B. I.
I'm gonna get
right to the point.
Writing a threat like this ?
It's a federal crime.
I told him
I didn't write that note.
But this is not
the principal's office,you understand ?
The people you threatened are dead.
I know that.
I got it.
But we need to know
why you wrote that note.
You were angry with ken
Because he didn't
acknowledge you.
I get it.
He didn't admit
that you were his girlfriend.
Yeah.
What about sandra ?
She's the one
who got the note.
Why were you
so angry with her, tonya ?
Oh, this isn't
just about her going with ken,
That note says "we. "
You wanted to make it look like
other people were in on it.
Like the whole town
was against her. Why ?
Is that the way
she made you feel ?
Like everybody
was against you ?
It was that stupid
talent show.
What talent show ?
I was just as good as her.
She was just
this quiet little girl who nobody liked.
Then she sings,
and suddenly she's all little miss popular,
It's not fair.
So, tonya...
Look at me.
You wrote this note
for revenge, didn't you ?
I know it was stupid.
But I just wanted
to scare them.
I'm sorry.
We called tonya's family
and friends.
That girl
didn't kill those kids.
It's how you've had to learn.
anybody seen reid ?
Where's reid ?
Coroner's report.
"Victim had been beaten
so extensively,
Post-Mortem stab wounds
were also discovered. "
What ?
Uh, this is also
a fairly extreme overkill,
So you're saying
this was a different killer.
The overkill indicates he didn't get
what he wanted from someone...
Derek: sexual predators kill
for sexual needs.
That tells us
that he probably fetishises.
He uses to get off.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
No, we're pretty certain
that hate
He has a specific
physical type
He is a serial killer.
Hi.
Hi, naomi.
Thanks.
Thanks for picking me up.
Reverend williams: and when
did the f. B. I.  Finally arrive ?
We cannot rely
on the police.
We must protect ourselves.
Let the people
who are taking our daughters
That's enough.
The swastikas
on the bodies.
What do they mean ?
Hotch: perhaps
this killer isn't driven by hate,
So we won't guess
his real motive,
I'm confident the unsub's
from this county.
That would flare up
from these swastikas.
Judge is trying
to buy us some time.
If he'll cool
his rhetoric a little bit.
Hate crimes are political.
If we're right,
This was personal.
Is linked
to the first 2 murders.
We need to speak
to the families of the victims.
We know how difficult
this is for you.
Thanks for talking
to us.
She just disappeared
that night.
I know she must
have just walked out the front door,
What about the window
in your daughter's bedroom ?
It's been painted shut
for years.
What are you talking
about, bree ?
I fixed it
so I could get out.
You've been sneaking
out in the middle of the night ?
I'm sorry.
You're not in trouble.
But just tell me,
Did she sneak out before ?
She always told me
not to do it.
She was the good one.
She didn't deserve this.
Nobody deserves this.
Your daughter liked to sing ?
We dug up everything
on the first 2 victims,
Who stayed out of trouble.
Just like sandra davis.
One in church,
and one in a band.
Just like sandra davis.
African-American girls
That's a pretty
specific type.
And the fact
that they all sing,
Maybe part of a ruse.
A naomi dade.
16 years old.
Why are we just
finding out about it now ?
There's a chance
she's still alive.
Let's get to the profile
before it's too late.
Girl, on tape:
hey, I'm naomi.
?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?
Suspect we're looking for
is a black male,
Statistically between
the ages of 20 and 35.
We know he's black
because of his victims.
Sexually motivated killers
almost always kill
The victims he's chosen
are good girls.
They're good students.
No behavioral problems.
They're what we call
"low-Risk. "
The higher the intelligence
of the unsub.
Guy's a smooth talker.
Makes people feel
at ease.  Gains their confidence.
You'd be amazed
what these guys can talk people into.
Jeffrey dahmer
was once pulled over by police officers
He'd thrown the garbage bag
full of body parts
But he was so calm
and so self assured,
He then went on to kill
at least 15 more people.
This guy's a hustler.
He may not have
a lot of education,
Victor paleologus
used to troll shopping malls
He told kristine johnson
And that was the last time
she was ever seen alive.
We think that because
all these girls are singers,
To the recording industry.
We know the unsub
has a vehicle.
Big enough to transport a body.
It's clean.
It's not too old.
But it's not flashy.
This is not a guy
Probably a large,
dark sedan.
We recommend
putting this profile on the news,
This guy's ruse
didn't work on everybody.
Somewhere out there
is at least one woman
That's who
we need to find.
Is the souvenir he takes.
We don't know
what it is yet, but...
We know that
once he has it,
His victim tn becomes
disposable,
The unsub's ritual
was interrupted
We don't believe
he was able to take a souvenir from her.
We think he may
revisit her house
We recommend surveillance
in locations
Churches, high schools,
Stick with the community.
Should be able
to offer some good leads.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck.
Gid...
Whoa.  Hold on,
hold on, hold on.
You think
community vigilance will be enough ?
If it were,
we'd be out of a job.
I'm telling you not to do your job.  Jason.
Just want to make sure
that we don't get ahead of ourselves.
What's he doing ?
So please
just sit tight one more minute.
What's the problem ?
To release this profile to the public.
Reverend williams
has already stirred up enough trouble
For his anti-Racism
campaign.
What do you think
is gonna happen if I go to the press
Hey.  The best way
to stop all this is to find that killer.
Right.  By telling everybody
to look out
They're gonna say
that's racial profiling.
Racial profiling
is targeting suspects because of their race.
All right, look.
The point is
And neither have
all the african-Americans in this community
You can believe
in black serial killers or not,
And it's only a matter of time
before he kills another girl.
All right, look.
I am not interested in debating this.
Of heading
this investigation.
You gonna let this happen ?
Let what happen ?
Make every black man
Rick.  What ?
We found naomi dade's body.
Damn it.
What's it gonna be, detective ?
Please.
Let us help you.
Finally, I want to assure you
we considered all options,
Thank you.
Detective, I think you made the right choice.
I hope this doesn't
come back to bite us in the ass.
Why would it ?
That a dangerous
black man running around this county.
Hotch: best way to solve
your problem is to stay focused
Tell me.
Tell me what to do.
We need to get
the word out...
Not just on the news.
Gotta give them
the profile.
That could be
where the unsub saw her sing.
Set up a tip line.
Yeah, you got it.
Well, I hate waiting around.
So, what do you say, ware ?
Want to join the patrols ?
Get back on the street ?
Pretend to be a beat cop again ?
Yeah.
Beats waiting around
here for more bodies, don't it ?
Let's do it.
Tips have just started
to come in.
You don't have to do this.
A janitor
at his school, and...
Is anything useful ?
Hey, uh, I got someone
who remembers seeing
In front of our last victim's
house yesterday.
That's the second sighting
for that vehicle.
Include it
in the press release.
Yeah, I got it.
suspect may be
driving a black town car.
May be ?
It's something.
No, I'm good.
For what it's worth, um...
Took balls to stand up
to the mayor like that.
You would've done
the same thing.
I don't have to work
for the guy.
I know that was
a tough decision.
Don't you ever wish
it didn't matter ?
It ?
Color.
Hmph.
Judge me by the content
of my character.
I mean, why does it
even have to be part of the equation ?
People are dying.
We need to get the bad guy.
No half-Cocked reverends
running around,
No mayors so afraid of
offending black folks,
It's exhausting
sometimes.
It's the way
it's always been, man.
Politicians,
community leaders...  They do what they do.
You and me...
We do what we do.
We're the foot soldiers
in these streets getting the job done.
Hmph.  Foot soldiers.
Right.
Only ones
who ever really get results,
Ware.
Right there.
It's a black town car.
Yeah, just a few blocks
from sandra davis' house.
He's turning right.
Turn right here.
There it is.
?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?
Nothin'.
You hear that ?
Ware.  Yeah.
It's a false alarm.
It's just a car service.
All right.  I'll be right out.
I got him !
What the hell are you doing ?  !
The cops, damn it.
I'm f. B. I.
What ?
Listen to me.  Do not shoot.
I'm gonna reach
in my back pocket and grab my wallet.
All right ?
All right ?  !
I'm f. B. I. , man.
I didn't know.
Give me your gun.
Give me your gun !
Go !  Call 9-1-1 !
Ware, nah, nah, nah.
Come on, man.
Ware, you're going
to be all right.
Talk to me.
Hey, just talk to me.
I'm right here.
Tell me about
that family of yours.
Yeah.  I saw
those pictures in your car.
What's your
little one's name ?
Huh ?
D-Dwayne.
That's good.  Come on.
I got you, man.
All right ?  All right ?
Uhh.  Uh...
Come on.  Ware,
talk to me.  Say it.
Hey...  Hey.
Don't you leave me.  No.
Ware !  Ware !
No.  Come on, man.
What the hell happened ?
Man: I didn't know
he was a cop.
W-We saw this black car
parked in front of our house.
This black guy with a gun
sneaking around the yard.
I...  I was scared.
I got a family.
Where's morgan ?
Back here.
You ok ?
Yeah, j. J.
You're kidding.
Another girl
just went missing.
All right,
we're on our way.
The girl's name is ally hadley.
But she never showed up there.
Well, I'm sure
she's just out
She says she never
does this.  She a...
Yeah.  She's african-American.
Guys we got a witness.
A girl who saw the report on the news.
Claiming to work for
a record company.
I'll call the others.
It was after choir practice
at the church.
He came up to me outside...
This black guy.
Told me he was
an executive at some record company
He said I had a great voice,
and he'd like to record me.
What did you say ?
I told him
I wasn't interested.
He gave me
some kind of business card
It didn't even have
a company name on it...
It looked so fake.
How could anyone fall for that ?
Do you have the card ?
I didn't have to keep the card.
Why ?
I knew him.
I was beginning to think
you guys had forgotten all about me.
Well, we need you now
more than ever, hot stuff.
Aww, it's like candy
to my ears, sugar.  Go.
The guy's a freelance musician.
Played keyboard
for the girls' high school musical.
Terrance wakeland.
In the new york
metropolitan area
Computer says 3.
He may work at
a recording studio or record company.
Ok, I'm going
to cross reference with i. R. S.  Records.
Gotcha.
Mount vernon,
just outside the bronx.
But he still works there
as a security guard.
Thanks, mama.
You're the best.  Let's go.
Man: you're lucky the studio
was available tonight.
You're not nervous,
are you, ally ?
No.
Good.
I'll have you back
before your parents even know you're gone.
Hey.  Let's go.
Man on police radio:
all units to a & l studios,
What are the chances
of us catching ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?
* mama may have *
* papa may have *
* but god bless the child *
* that's got his own *
Man: oh, that was it.
You killed that last take !
I've never been in
a real recording studio before.
Yeah.  Well,
you wouldn't know it.
I mean,
you're so comfortable.
It felt good.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm sorry.
Your...  Your throat must be tired.
Hotch: hey, our road's closed.
Construction.
Not that I know of.  No.
Hey, you know
not a lot of girls your age
Really ?
And that look...
That face you got.
I mean, you got this
real smokey kind of tone.
Like something you hear in
a thirties harlem supper club.
I mean, do you have any idea
what your music does to me.
No.
You get a song
stuck in your head.
But for me,
it gets stuck right here.
Once it's there,
It's just...
?  ?  ?  ?
U  all right
you all right ?
Yeah.  Just...
a little dizzy.
What I'm saying is that
it's so beautiful.
Let it live.
You ever feel that ?
Like there's something so beautiful...
so beautiful you can't
let it live to show you...
To remind you
of how ugly you are ?
I...  I don't feel
so good.
Son of a bitch !
you think I'm ugly ?
Aah !
Help !
Somebody help !
Police officer:
i'll cover the door.
?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?
Right there.  Go.
Check the back.
Morgan !
Yeah.
Door are wide open,
lights are on.  Somebody left in a hurry.
There was definitely
a struggle.
So, maybe she's still alive.
She could be in
the neighborhood, trying to get away.
It's the voices, man,
His souvenirs.
Let's go.
?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?
Help me.
What's the matter ?
Where...  Where am i ?
Whoa.  What did you take ?
You know this girl ?
Her parents are
out of town,
And, uh,
she snuck out and obviously got herself
Come on, ally.  Come on.
Party's over.
I mean, look around you.
This is a dangerous neighborhood, ally.
You know this man ?
Again, officer,
I'm very, very sorry.
Come on, ally,
you can sleep it off when you get home.
Can I go now ?  Or am I gonna
have to stand here all night
There they are.
Wakeland, f. B. I.  !
Don't move !
What did I do ?
Let her go.
?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ? Right ?  !
?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?
He won't let her go.
He could be armed.
Hey, what the hell
are you waiting for ?  !
Put your weapons down
so we can move in.
Do it !
Wakeland,
get away from the girl.
Turn around.
Let's go.
You all right ?
I was just thinking.
I know what it's like
to grow up without a father.
Their father died a hero.
So did mine.
Doesn't make it
any easier.
Jacob: "the life of the dead
is placed in the memory of the living. "
Cicero.
Oops !  Sorry.
Oh, wait a minute.
No, you didn't.
Where did you find this ?
Haven't read this in
fift...  Like...  12 years.
Chapter 3's
where it starts to get good.
Ok.  I will let you know
when I get there.
All right, you do that.
You all right ?
Reid.
Hmm ?
I said, are you all right ?
I'm fine.
Thanks
for broadcasting it.
Hey, talk to me.
Whatever you say to me in
confidence is between us.
I don't have anything
to tell you.
Reid, listen to me.
What you went through
out there,
I can still do my job,
all right. I'm not gonna freak out.
You think
I don't know that.
It's the crime scene
photos.
Crime scene photos ?
The dead girls
in the leaves.
Reid, we've seen worse.
I know.
I know
we've seen worse, but...
For the first time, I know.
I look at them, and...
I look at them and I...
I know what they were thinking.
That's called empathy.
And it's a good thing.
It's not.
It's got me all messed up.
So, what do I do ?
You use it.
Let is make you a better profiler,
A better person.
Hmph.
Transcript et synchro : www.ydy.com
Modification transcript : Flolo pour www.seriessub.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org